     2:30 P.M. The progress we have made on vaccinating this country is a great American story.  The federal government has stepped up, taken responsibility, and launched a massive federal vaccination program.  Governors and mayors of both political parties — Republicans and Democrats — have stepped up as well.  Our military, our National Guard, You’ve heard me say it many times before: Our progress on vaccination is a stunning example that there is nothing — nothing this country cannot do if we put our minds to it and we do it together.   But as I’ve also said, We share the sentiment of Dr. Walensky, the head of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.  The You know, as many people as we have vaccinated, we still have more Americans left to go.  You know, we will administer more shots in March than any country on Earth.  But even so, we have to give more shots in April than we did in March.  Because we’re in the life and death race for the virus that is spreading quickly with cases rising again.  New variants are spreading.  And sadly, some of the reckless behavior we’ve seen on television over the past few weeks means that more new cases are to come in the weeks ahead.  With vaccines, there’s hope, which is a — which is a very good thing, to state the obvious.  But people are let — are letting up on precautions, which is a very bad thing.  Look, to this point, cases have fallen two thirds since So, let me start here: First, this week, thanks to my administration’s intensive work with vaccine manufacturers and distribution efforts, the amount of vaccines that are going to be available for vaccinators — vaccination sites will be a new record: 33 million doses of vaccine this week.   By getting more vaccine supply to states, community health centers, and pharmacies, we can vaccinate the highest-risk Americans more quickly than we already are.  And then — and then we make it possible to open up supplies for all adults and to try to beat the renewed spread of this virus.  As a result, I’m also pleased to announce that we’re on track this week — just 10 weeks after And with the supply we’re releasing this week — just this week alone — there are more doors  — there are more doses of vaccine available for seniors this week than any week thus far.  So, seniors, please, if you have not gotten your shot yet, get it this week.  Get it.  Second, I’m reiterating my call for every governor, mayor, and local leader to maintain and reinstate the mask mandate.  Please, this is not politics.  Reinstate the mandate if you let it down.  And business should require masks as well.  The failure to take this virus seriously — precisely what got us in this mess in the first place — risks more cases and more dests  — deaths.  Look, as Third, And So to make it easier for Americans to get vaccinated as the supply grows and vaccination eligibility expands, I’m directing my Look, we’re going to do this by growing from having 17,000 pharmacies giving out vaccination shots to nearly 40,000 pharmacies doing it within the next three weeks.  That will more than double the number of pharmacies where you can go get vaccinated.  But we aren’t stopping there.   In the next three weeks, we’ll add 12 more federally run mass vaccination sites.  Every day at these sites, tens of thousands of people are able to drive up, get a vaccine shot while in their car, and leave in less than an hour.  And over 60 percent of the shots given at these sites goes to minority communities because they’re in minority communities.  We have to reach out.  They’re the ones most affected by the vacci- — by both the vaccine, but also by the pandemic.  We’re also going to send more aid to states to expand the opening of more community vaccination sites — more vaccines, more sites, more vaccinators — all designed to speed our critical work.   But we also need to make it easier for those who want shots but cannot access vaccination sites to get vaccinated.  This is also where we’re focused on the seniors most immediately.  While we have made incredible progress in starting to vaccinate nearly three quarters of our seniors and now putting vaccination sites within 5 miles of 90 percent of all Americans, that still isn’t enough as far as we’re concerned.  We know that there are a number of seniors and people with disabilities who may be isolated and have lack of access to transportation, and there are community groups that can help.  They’re trying to help now.  So, our fourth announcement today is that I’m sending out millions of dollars, through the Department of Health and Human Service, to provide assistance, including transportation, so more vulnerable seniors and people with disabilities can get their shots because they get help to physically get there, to get the shot.  Neighbors helping neighbors: What a truly American effort.  We cannot let transportation be a barrier to any senior getting a vaccination.   And so where does this put us?  We’re making progress on vaccinations, but cases are rising and the virus is spreading in too many places still.  That’s why, today, I’m taking these steps to make our American turnaround story a vac- — our vaccination program — move even faster.  Thanks to all the work we’ve done these past 10 weeks, the added steps I’m announcing today — with them — I’m pleased to announce that at least 90 percent of all adults in this country will be eligible to be vaccinated by April the 19th, just three weeks from now, because we have the vaccines.  For the vast, vast majority of adults, you won’t have to wait until May 1.  You’ll be eligible for your shot on April 19th.  Finally, 10 percent will be eligible no later than — the final 10 percent will be eligible no later than May 1.  And as So we’re moving toward “90/90” by April 19th.  That is, by April 19, three weeks from today, 90 percent of adults — people over 18 and over — will be eligible get vaccinated.  Ninety percent of all Americans will be living within five miles of a place they can get a shot.  And, of course, it will take time for everyone to get their appointment.  It’s a big country.  And as fast as we’re going, and we still have a long way to go to finish this vaccination effort.  In fact, we aren’t even there — we aren’t halfway yet.  But being at 90/90 just three weeks from today should give hope to the country.  Let me close with this: The progress we’re making is a significant testament to what we can do when we work together as Americans.  But as I’ve always said, we still need everyone to do their part.  We still are in a war with this deadly virus.  And we’re bolstering our defenses, but this war is far from won.  Together, we have so much to be proud of in the past 3 weeks — past more than 3 weeks; past 10 weeks.  We also have so much to be sorrowful about.  Nearly 1,000 Americans a day are still dying from COVID-19 as we approach 550,000 deaths in a single year.  Until this country is vaccinated, each of us has to do our part.  We have an obligation — a patriotic obligation: Wash your hands, stay socially distanced, wear a mask as recommended by the CDC, and get vaccinated.  Get your friends and family vaccinated when you can help.  Now is not the time to let down.  Now is not the time to celebrate.  It is time to do what we do best as a country: our duty, our jobs; take care of one another; and fight this to the finish.  We can and will do this, but don’t let up now.  Don’t let up now.  Thank you.  And may God protect our troops.  Thank you very much.  2:44 P.M.    New Castle, Delaware 4:12 P.M. Thank you. 4:14 P.M.    Wilmington, Delaware  5:37 P.M. But maybe the person Well, when Keisha’s mom said she believed in me, And we need her, and Atlanta needs her.  You know, we saw it just weeks after — just weeks after we found ourselves  to the mass shooting.  When the Vice Pres- — when And we’ve seen her leadership during this pandemic — believing in science and leading a city that’s home to a tremendous public servant, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention — the CDC.  We saw her stand tall and speak out during the summer of protests and pain.  And during the campaign that tested our very democracy, she was always there.  So many of you stepped up as well.  And if anyone ever doubted that voting matters, Georgia just proved that it did.  If anyone ever wondered if one vote can make a difference, Georgia proved it 11,779 times.  And if anyone ever wondered if voting can change a country, Georgia just proved that.  And if you’re wondering whether Republican officials will finally stop their attacks on the right to vote and actually try and win over votes, they just proved yesterday they won’t.  It’s  America and what they’re doing — that it cannot stand So, above all, Keisha knows democracy is not just about winning elections.  It’s about governing, making government work.  It’s about making government work for working families, for the people who are — who are the backbone of this country. And that’s why we fought so hard to pass the American Rescue Plan.  It’s making a difference. Just last week, we passed 100 million shots in arms in the first 58 days in office.  We’re going to get  200 million in my first 100 days.  That includes a $10 billion investment to make sure we reach the hardest-hit and highest- risk communities. And, yesterday, we reached 100 million checks for $1,400 into people’s pockets and their bank accounts.  By the time this money is distributed, 88 percent of all adults and children in Georgia will receive such a check.  That’s going to change their lives. The American Rescue Plan will cut child poverty literally in half, including for 171,000 Georgia children.  It provides $4 billion for Georgia’s schoolchildren, in grades And one of the biggest things for Georgia and the Atlantic — and Atlanta: Georgia is now eligible for about $2 billion in expanded Medicaid.  That means another 500,000 Georgians will be covered all across the state with Medicaid that they don’t have right now.  And that’s on top of the lower premiums and expanded coverage, if you have a plan through Obamacare.  Your state — the state of Georgia — will also get around $5 billion to make up for the lost revenues.  Local governments will get around $3.5 billion. That’s going to make it possible to keep police officers, firefighters, teachers, first responders on the job, rather than have to lay them off because of a lack of funding. And who is going to deliver this help on the ground?  The Mayor.  The Mayor.  But that’s just the beginning. And as we rescue the economy in the coming weeks, I’ll be laying out my vision for a Build Back Better plan to rebuild America’s own 21st century, modernizing our infrastructure — our transportation systems, our broadband systems, our water and power systems. And we’re going to make historic investments in research and development, and we’re going to create millions — and it’s not just me; it’s not just a Democratic think tank.  Wall Street has pointed out millions of good-paying jobs here in America — manufacturing, clean energy, and so much more.  Just manufacturing in general. We’re also going to invest in our families, making  housing more affordable, and caregiving economy stronger for millions of Americans, mostly women and women of color who care for children and aging loved ones.  And they deserve to be paid well. All this is going to help us outcompete the rest of the world, and it will depend on government being able to work for the American people.  That’s why I’m going to close with this — I’ve kept you too long already: There is so much we can do if we do it together, if we stand together; if we once again believe and invest in science; if we stand up for justice and equality and the right of Americans to vote and have access to voting.  And Keisha is leading our efforts as Vice Chair of the Democratic National Committee.  You have to remember, we’re here to help all the people of this country, the bottom up and the middle out, not just those in the top few. Folks, if we do that, then there’s not a single solitary thing we can’t do if we do it together.  So to Keisha and to all of you, And So, Keisha, 5:44 P.M.    Wilmington, Delaware So, you know, look, Thank you.     2:59 P.M. 3:00 P.M.    Yet instead of celebrating the rights of all Georgians to vote or winning campaigns on the merits of their ideas, Republicans in the state instead rushed through an un-American law to deny people the right to vote. This law, like so many others being pursued by Republicans in statehouses across the country is a blatant attack on the Constitution and good conscience. Among the outrageous parts of this new state law, it ends voting hours early so working people can’t cast their vote after their shift is over. It adds rigid restrictions on casting absentee ballots that will effectively deny the right to vote to countless voters. And it makes it a crime to provide water to voters while they wait in line – lines Republican officials themselves have created by reducing the number of polling sites across the state, disproportionately in Black neighborhoods. This is Jim Crow in the 21st Century. It must end. We have a moral and Constitutional obligation to act. And If you have the best ideas, you have nothing to hide. Let the people vote. ### We'll be in touch with the latest information on how President Biden and his administration are working for the American people, as well as ways you can get involved and help our country build back better.   